Methodology(MCDC1RNA): 
RNA from a sample was extracted and the N1 SARS-CoV2 target including the RNAseP control were co-amplified in a multiplex qPCR. This is a semiquantitative assay and only qualitative results are reported.
This test was developed and its performance characteristics determined by the University of Florida Health Pathology Laboratories (UF Health PathLabs) Laboratories.
The CDC 2019-Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Real-Time RT-PCR assay is a real-time RT-PCR test intended for the detection of nucleic acid from the 2019-nCoV in upper and lower respiratory specimens (such as nasopharyngeal or oropharyngeal swabs, sputum, lower respiratory tract aspirates, bronchial veolar lavage, and nasopharyngeal wash/aspirate or nasal aspirate) collected from individuals who meet CDC criteria for 2019-nCoV testing.
The 2019-nCoV RNA is generally detectable in upper and lower respiratory specimens during infection.
Saliva samples have also been validated using this method, however, sensitivity may be reduced as compared to other collection sites.
The SARS-CoV-2 RNA is generally detectable in saliva specimens during the acute phase of infection.
Positive results are indicative of active infection with 2019-nCoV but do not rule out bacterial infection or co-infection with other viruses. The agent detected may not be the definite cause of disease.
Negative results do not preclude 2019-nCoV infection and should not be used as the sole basis for treatment or other patient management decisions.
Negative results must be combined with clinical observations, patient history, and epidemiological information. This test has not been cleared or approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The FDA has determined that such clearance or approval is not necessary. UFHPL is certified under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988 (CLIA) as qualified to perform high complexity clinical testing.
Decisions on patient care and treatment must be based on the independent medical judgment of the treating physician, taking into considerations all applicable information concerning the patient's condition including family history, physical examination, patient preferences and other diagnostic tests in accordance with the applicable standard of care.
Treatment decisions should not be made based solely on the information contained in this report. Testing was performed at UF Health PathLabs 4800 SW 35th Drive, Gainesville, FL 32608.